Gold remains an important asset the
central banks despite them having the
power of the printing press they have
been collecting at different rates it
seems however that this one particular
country has been buying up more gold
than even China you came here for the
truth
so let me unveil that for you today I
have a very quick video for you I want
to get into gold let's begin gold as a
percentage of total reserves you can see
in this chart here comparing Russia
China India and Brazil these BRIC
nations have all been buying gold
however when you compare it to their
total reserves you get a different
picture so looking at the green line
here you can see that China as a
percentage doesn't have that much gold
because they have so much u.s. debt
European debt look at Russia however
since the financial crisis you can see
that this number has really escalated I
think this is twofold because they are
weaning off of the US dollar to some
degree at the same time they are buying
more gold they've made that public and
as I said in the introduction they had
the printing press so they don't need to
do this yet they do alright looking at
this chart Russia is about to surpass
China in terms of official gold reserves
we don't know what's going on behind the
scenes but officially their gold
reserves are just about to surpass China
that is a feat to accomplish something
very interesting certainly I believe
that most of these countries not just
the BRIC nations but others are trying
to wean themselves off of the US dollar
hegemony and if they are able to do so
it wouldn't be necessarily a smooth ride
so that will have to take place over a
period of years you don't see Russia
selling off all their US debt tomorrow
doesn't work
that they have been doing so slowly over
the years and since the financial crisis
you're seeing that continue they want to
get rid of it but they can't just go
cold turkey it doesn't work like that
the result here is the same there is a
currency war and it is on so I think
that is important information to say the
least then we look at this gold you know
when you measure any particular asset we
are always measuring it in the reserve
currency so when you price something in
dollars you can see how it is different
if you price it in gold and wheat in
food you start to get a different
picture so this is the FAO food price
index in gold this is a good site to
check out if you're interested in this
priced in gold com gives you all
different charts that you can take a
look at now when you price food in gold
you seem to get a different picture than
what it is when you price it in u.s.
dollars food prices are rising but
that's the devaluation of the dollars
see if we held on to gold as our money
food would be going down isn't that
interesting to me it's it's so
interesting to see this and how just by
changing what it's priced in you get a
completely different picture it's the
exact opposite when you price it in US
dollars so check that out
priced in gold calm very interesting
site and this year if you aren't already
on this email list you definitely should
be that's the world Gold Council you can
get there at simply gold org and they
will email you very you
regularly so they had their quarterly
report but they also regularly released
some updates and it's very seldom
regardless so look at this because
they're going to email you they're going
to give the updates and I think it's
important to just have a good idea of
what's happening they give you what's
going on with the jewelry market with
the ETF's they tell you all the little
tidbits you need to know and it sends it
right to your email inbox so that's what
I like because I don't have to go
chasing it around it comes right in the
Inbox it's not spam it just comes very
regularly and you can get up-to-date on
what's happening then you can go to
their actual website if you're
interested and just search through their
articles they write really good articles
here if you're interested in that that's
all for this video if you found that
informative please give me a thumbs up
and last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative I wrote about precious
metals gold silver in both of my books
in fact but definitely in the first book
where I get into the four asset classes
and I show you all about precious metals
in there the history I show you about
you know in terms of investing and then
in the more recent release I get in to
precious metals as well and how
important it is to hold on
to precious metals don't be fooled by
the price don't be fooled by that think
that you see out there where it's being
priced in u.s. dollars which as you can
see changing what it's being priced and
gives you a completely different picture
so I think that that's key very very key
that's all for this video links are in
the description below
take care